adds python testing sections (#1887)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/python/how-to-use-test-frameworks-in-python.md

---
id: how-to-use-test-frameworks-in-python
title: How to use test frameworks in Python
sidebar_label: Test frameworks
description: Use Pytest for testing frameworks in Python.
tags:
  - developer-guide
  - python
  - testing
---

> One recommended framework for testing in Python for the Temporal SDK is [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), which can help with fixtures to stand up and tear down test environments, provide useful test discovery, and make it easy to write parametrized tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal recommend [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/) for testing code in the Python SDK. This library provides fixtures to stand up and tear down test environments, along with useful test discovery and methods to write parametrized tests.
```

Reviewer: I know I wrote something similar down below. Again, if it's library or class, please fix. Or ignore it entirely. Up to you.

> One recommended framework for testing in Python for the Temporal SDK is [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), which can help with fixtures to stand up and tear down test environments, provide useful test discovery, and make it easy to write parametrized tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One recommended framework for testing in Python for the Temporal SDK is [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), which can help with fixtures to stand up and tear down test environments, provide useful test discovery, and make it easy to write parameterized tests.
```
